avy signal output here are the
accessories to be used phantom 5.8 GMO
control and the 5.8 g receiver
optional accessory pack including some
CANbus power cables AV cable take a Zed
1/5 GH 3 and a 2 flight controller as an
example mount the light bridge air
system in the space reserved on the
landing gear plug in the air system AV
cable connect the gimbal port to the a2
can one cable and power cable connect
the air systemd bus port to the a two
controllers X 2 port attach the air
system panel antenna the panel antenna
should be 90 degrees to the landing gear
leg attach the light bridge air system
antenna extension make sure everything
is tight tidy the antenna with nylon
cable ties
plug the gimbal HDMI cable into the
camera we recommend using a DJI 5.8 G
receiver to control gimbal movement
connect receiver gimbal GCU to aux 2
port connection complete power up the
system wait for gimbal initialization
pair receiver and remote control
frequency
run djr lightbridge app
test three axis movement pan tilt and
roll
you